Add `--debug=rpc` and `--debug=profiling` flags for enabling debug output (#3352)
informalsystems/hermes: .changelog/unreleased/features/ibc-relayer-cli/2852-add-debug-flag.md

> - Add a global flag `--debug` which allows enabling
>   profiling, rpc debug logs and/or profiling to json file

Author: ```suggestion
- Add a global flag `--debug` which can take one or more of the following values, separated by commas:
  - `rpc`: show RPC debug logs
  - `profiling`: show profiling information in the console
  - `profiling-json`: dump the profiling information to a JSON file in the directory specified in `PROFILING_DIR` env variable if present, or the current directory otherwise.
```
